Web console: add a nice UI for overlord dynamic configs and improve the docs (#13993)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

- a preferred worker (based on categoryConfig + category for datasource), if available
- any worker, if categoryConfig given and category given but no preferred worker is available and categoryConfig is `weak`
- not assigned at all, if preferred workers are not available and `categoryConfig` is `strong`

In either case, after the eligible worker list is constructed one will be selected depending on their load with the goal of either distributing the load equally or filling as few workers as possible.

If you are using auto-scaling it only makes sense to use the `fillCapacity` select strategy since auto-scaled nodes can
not be assigned a category, and you want the work to be concentrated on the fewest number of workers to allow the empty ones to scale down.

###### `equalDistribution`

Tasks are assigned to the MiddleManager with the most free slots at the time the task begins running.
This will evenly distribute work across your MiddleManagers.

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|
|`type`|`equalDistribution`|required; must be `equalDistribution`|

> |`affinityConfig`|[Affinity config](#affinity) object|null (no affinity)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`affinityConfig`|[Affinity config](#affinityconfig) object|null (no affinity)|
```

###### `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec`

This strategy is a variant of `equalDistribution`, which support `workerCategorySpec` field rather than `affinityConfig`.
By specifying `workerCategorySpec`, you can assign tasks to run on different categories of MiddleManagers based on the tasks' **type** and **dataSource**.
This strategy can't work with `AutoScaler` since the behavior is undefined.

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|
|`type`|`equalDistributionWithCategorySpec`|required; must be `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec`|
|`workerCategorySpec`|[Worker Category Spec](#workercategoryspec) object|null (no worker category spec)|

> Example: for tasks of type "index_kafka" default to running on middle managers of category `c1`, except tasks writing to datasource "ds1" which should run on middle managers of category `c2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: tasks of type "index_kafka" default to running on MiddleManagers of category `c1`, except for tasks that write to datasource "ds1," which  run on MiddleManagers of category `c2`.
```

The select strategy controls how Druid assigns tasks to workers (MiddleManagers).
At a high level, the select strategy determines the list of possible workers that a task can be assigned to using
either an `affinityConfig` or a `categorySpec`. Then, Druid assigns the task by either trying to distribute load equally
(`equalDistribution`) or to fill as many workers as possible to capacity (`fillCapacity`).
There are 4  options for select strategies:

- [`equalDistribution`](#equaldistribution)
- [`equalDistributionWithCategorySpec`](#equalDistributionWithCategorySpec)
- [`fillCapacity`](#fillcapacity)
- [`fillCapacityWithCategorySpec`](#fillcapacitywithcategoryspec)

A `javascript` option is also available but should only be used for prototyping new strategies.

If an `affinityConfig` is provided (as part of `fillCapacity` and `equalDistribution` strategies) for a given task, the list of workers eligible to be assigned is determined as follows:

- a non-affinity worker if no affinity is specified for that datasource. Any worker not listed in the `affinityConfig` is considered a non-affinity worker.
- a non-affinity worker if preferred workers are not available and affinity is `weak`

> - a preferred worker  (a worker listed in `affinityConfig`) if available

Reviewer 2: this item might be better placed before the previous item in the list

```suggestion
- a preferred worker listed in the `affinityConfig` for this datasource if it has available capacity
```

> - not assigned at all (remains pending) if preferred workers are not available and affinity is `strong`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- no worker if preferred workers are not available and affinity is _strong_ i.e. `strong: true`. In this case, the task remains in "pending" state. The chosen provisioning strategy (e.g. `pendingTaskBased`) may then use the total number of pending tasks to determine if a new node should be provisioned.
```

Note that every worker listed in the `affinityConfig` will only be used for the assigned datasources and no other.

> If a `categorySpec` is provided (as part of `fillCapacityWithCategorySpec` and `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec` strategies) for a given task, the list of workers eligible to be assigned is determined as follows:

Reviewer 2: Similar suggestions here as with `affinityConfig`:

```suggestion
If a `categorySpec` is provided (as part of `fillCapacityWithCategorySpec` and `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec` strategies), then a task of a given datasource may be assigned to:
```

- not assigned at all if preferred workers are not available and `categoryConfig` is `strong`

In both cases, Druid constructs the eligible worker and selects one depending on their load with the goal of either distributing the load equally or filling as few workers as possible.

If you are using auto-scaling, use the `fillCapacity` select strategy since auto-scaled nodes can
not be assigned a category, and you want the work to be concentrated on the fewest number of workers to allow the empty ones to scale down.

###### `equalDistribution`

Tasks are assigned to the MiddleManager with the most free slots at the time the task begins running.
This evenly distributes work across your MiddleManagers.

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|
|`type`|`equalDistribution`|required; must be `equalDistribution`|
|`affinityConfig`|[Affinity config](#affinityconfig) object|null (no affinity)|

###### `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec`

This strategy is a variant of `equalDistribution`, which supports `workerCategorySpec` field rather than `affinityConfig`.

> By specifying `workerCategorySpec`, you can assign tasks to run on different categories of MiddleManagers based on the task's **type** and **dataSource**.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
By specifying `workerCategorySpec`, you can assign tasks to run on different categories of MiddleManagers based on the **type** and **dataSource** of the task.
```

      "strong": false,
      "categoryMap": {
        "index_kafka": {
          "defaultCategory": "c1", 
          "categoryAffinity": {
            "ds1": "c2"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

###### `fillCapacity`

> Tasks are assigned to the worker with the most currently-running tasks. This is
> useful when you are auto-scaling MiddleManagers, since it will tend to pack some full and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks are assigned to the worker with the most currently-running tasks. This is
useful when you are auto-scaling MiddleManagers since it tends to pack some full and
```

leave others empty. The empty ones can be safely terminated.

Note that if `druid.indexer.runner.pendingTasksRunnerNumThreads` is set to _N_ > 1, then this strategy will fill _N_
MiddleManagers up to capacity simultaneously, rather than a single MiddleManager.

|Property| Description                             |Default|
|--------|-----------------------------------------|-------|
|`type`| `fillCapacity`                          |required; must be `fillCapacity`|
|`affinityConfig`| [AffinityConfig](#affinityconfig) object |null (no affinity)|

###### `fillCapacityWithCategorySpec`

This strategy is a variant of `fillCapacity`, which supports `workerCategorySpec` instead of an `affinityConfig`.

> The usage is the same with _equalDistributionWithCategorySpec_ strategy.
> This strategy can't work with `AutoScaler` since the behavior is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage is the same as `equalDistributionWithCategorySpec` strategy.
This strategy doesn't work with `AutoScaler` since the behavior is undefined.
```

}
```

> JavaScript-based functionality is disabled by default. Please refer to the Druid [JavaScript programming guide](../development/javascript.md) for guidelines about using Druid's JavaScript functionality, including instructions on how to enable it.

> ###### AffinityConfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### affinityConfig
```

Use the `affinityConfig` field to pass affinity configuration to the `equalDistribution` and `fillCapacity` strategies.
If not provided, the default is to have no affinity.

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|
|`affinity`|JSON object mapping a datasource String name to a list of indexing service MiddleManager `host:port` values. Druid doesn't perform DNS resolution, so the 'host' value must match what is configured on the MiddleManager and what the MiddleManager announces itself as (examine the Overlord logs to see what your MiddleManager announces itself as).|{}|
|`strong`|When `true` tasks for a datasource must be assigned to affinity-mapped MiddleManagers. Tasks remain queued until a slot becomes available.  When `false`, Druid may assign tasks for a datasource to other MiddleManagers when affinity-mapped MiddleManagers are unavailable to run queued tasks.|false|

> ###### WorkerCategorySpec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### workerCategorySpec
```

##### Server Configuration

> Druid uses Jetty to serve HTTP requests. Each query being processed consumes a single thread from `druid.server.http.numThreads`, so consider defining `druid.query.scheduler.numThreads` to a lower value in order to reserve HTTP threads for responding to health checks, lookup loading, and other non-query, and in most cases comparatively very short-lived, HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid uses Jetty to serve HTTP requests. Each query being processed consumes a single thread from `druid.server.http.numThreads`, so consider defining `druid.query.scheduler.numThreads` to a lower value in order to reserve HTTP threads for responding to health checks, lookup loading, and other non-query, (in most cases) comparatively very short-lived, HTTP requests.
```
